[ADD] helpdesk: doc about reports (#661)
odoo/documentation-user: helpdesk/overview/reports.rst

============================
Reports for a Better Support
============================

> An efficient customer service solution also has a built-in reporting option. Reports allow you to

Reviewer: Should have, not also has.

track trends, identify areas for improvement, manage employees’ workloads and, most importantly,
meet your customer’s expectations.

Cases
~~~~~

> Some examples of the possible reports Odoo Helpdesk can generate include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples of the reports Odoo Helpdesk can generate include:
```

| Apply *Time Ranges* if you would like to make comparisons to a *Previous Period* or a *Previous
  Year*.

.. image:: media/report_team_ticket_type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of helpdesk ticket analysis by team and ticket type in Odoo Helpdesk

- The number of tickets closed per day, per team.

Get an overview of how many requests each support team is closing per day in order to measure
their performance, and identify productivity levels to understand how many requests they are
able to handle.

.. image:: media/report_close_date_team.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of helpdesk ticket analysis by team and close date in Odoo Helpdesk

.. tip::
   Filter it by *Assignee* to see the KPI by agent.

- The number of hours tickets are taking to be solved, grouped by team and ticket type.

Check if your expectations are being met by *measuring* the *Time to close (hours)*. Your
customers not only expect fast responses but they also want their issues handled quickly.

.. image:: media/report_time_to_close.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of helpdesk ticket analysis of the hours to close by ticket type and team in
         Odoo Helpdesk

Save filters
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Save the filters you use the most and save time not having to construct them every time they are
> needed. To do so, set the groups, filters and measures needed, then go to *Favorites*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save the filters you use the most and avoid having to reconstruct them every time they are
needed. To do so, set the groups, filters, and measures needed. Then, go to *Favorites*.
```
